id: ssp_template_au_9
format: markdown
...
## Docker Enterprise Edition (Engine)

'On the underlying Linux operating system supporting Docker Enterprise
Edition, only root and sudo users and users that have been added to
the "docker" group have the ability to access the logs generated by
UCP backend service containers. Should the organization decide to
configure Docker Enterprise Edition to use a logging driver other than
the default json-file driver, the organization is subsequently
responsible for configuring the chosen logging stack per the
provisions of this control. Additional information can be found at the
following resources:

- https://docs.docker.com/engine/admin/logging/overview/

In addition, for Linux operating systems supporting Docker Enterprise
Edition that use the systemd daemon, it is imperative that the Journal
is secured per the requirements of this control. The same applies for
Linux operating systems supporting Docker Enterprise Edition that
instead use upstart.'
## Universal Control Plane (UCP)

'By default, Universal Control Plane is configured to use the
underlying logging capabilities of Docker Enterprise Edition. As such,
on the underlying Linux operating system, only root and sudo users and
users that have been added to the 'docker' group have the ability to
access the logs generated by UCP backend service containers. In
addition, only UCP Administrator users can change the logging endpoint
of the system should it be decided that logs be sent to a remote
logging stack. In this case, the organization is responsible for
configuring the remote logging stack per the provisions of this
control.'
## Docker Trusted Registry (DTR)

'By default, Docker Trusted Registry is configured to use the
underlying logging capabilities of Docker Enterprise Edition. As such,
on the underlying Linux operating system, only root and sudo users and
users that have been added to the 'docker' group have the ability to
access the logs generated by UCP backend service containers. In
addition, only UCP Administrator users can change the logging endpoint
of the system should it be decided that logs be sent to a remote
logging stack. In this case, the organization is responsible for
configuring the remote logging stack per the provisions of this
control.'
