id: ssp_template_ia_5__1
format: markdown
...
## Authentication and Authorization Service (eNZi)

### Part a

'An external directory service integrated with Docker Enterprise
Edition via LDAP can be configured to enforce minimum password
complexity requirements. Refer to your directory service's
documentation for configuring this.'

### Part b

'An external directory service integrated with Docker Enterprise
Edition via LDAP can be configured to enforce the requirement to
change at least one character when changing passwords according to the
requirements of this control. Refer to your directory service's
documentation for configuring this.'

### Part c

'An external directory service integrated with Docker Enterprise
Edition via LDAP can be configured to store and transmit
cryptographically protected passwords according to the requirements of
this control. Refer to your directory service's documentation for
configuring this.'

### Part d

'An external directory service integrated with Docker Enterprise
Edition via LDAP can be configured to enforce the required minimum and
maximum lifetime restrictions according to the requirements of this
control. Refer to your directory service's documentation for
configuring this.'

### Part e

'An external directory service integrated with Docker Enterprise
Edition via LDAP can be configured to enforce the required number of
generations before password reuse according to the requirements of
this control. Refer to your directory service's documentation for
configuring this.'

### Part f

'An external directory service integrated with Docker Enterprise
Edition via LDAP can be configured to enforce the requirement to
change initial/temporary passwords upon first login according to the
requirements of this control. Refer to your directory service's
documentation for configuring this.'
