id: ssp_template_sa_10__1
format: markdown
...
## Docker Enterprise Edition (Engine)

'Docker Content Trust gives you the ability to verify both the
integrity and the publisher of all the data received from a Docker
Trusted Registry over any channel. It allows operations with a remote
DTR instance to enforce client-side signing and verification of image
tags. It provides for the ability to use digital signatures for data
sent to and receive from remote DTR instances. These signatures allow
client-side verification of the integrity and publisher of specific
image tags.'
## Universal Control Plane (UCP)

'The organization is responsible for meeting the requirements of this
control. To assist with these requirements, Docker Content Trust gives
you the ability to verify both the integrity and the publisher of all
the data received from a Docker Trusted Registry over any channel. It
allows operations with a remote DTR instance to enforce client-side
signing and verification of image tags. It provides for the ability to
use digital signatures for data sent to and receive from remote DTR
instances. These signatures allow client-side verification of the
integrity and publisher of specific image tags. Universal Control
Plane can be configured to only run trusted and signed images.
Additional information can be found at the following resources:

- https://docs.docker.com/datacenter/ucp/2.1/guides/admin/configure/run-only-the-images-you-trust/'
## Docker Trusted Registry (DTR)

'Docker Content Trust gives you the ability to verify both the
integrity and the publisher of all the data received from a Docker
Trusted Registry over any channel. It allows operations with a remote
DTR instance to enforce client-side signing and verification of image
tags. It provides for the ability to use digital signatures for data
sent to and receive from remote DTR instances. These signatures allow
client-side verification of the integrity and publisher of specific
image tags. Docker Trusted Registry includes an integrated imaging
signing service.'
