id: ssp_template_ia_5__2
format: markdown
...
## Universal Control Plane (UCP)

### Part a

'Universal Control Plane contains two, built-in root certificate
authorities. One CA is used for signing client bundles generated by
users. The other CA is used for TLS communication between UCP cluster
nodes. Should you choose to use certificates signed by an external CA,
in order to successfully authenticate in to the system, those
certificates must include a root CA public certificate, a service
certificate and any intermediate CA public certificates (in addition
to SANs for all addresses used to reach the UCP controller), and a
private key for the server.'

### Part b

'Access to a Universal Control Plane cluster is only granted when a
user has a valid certificate bundle. This is enforced with the
public/private key pair included with the user's certificate bundle.'

### Part c

'Only after a client bundle has been generated or an existing public
key has been added for a particular user is that user able to execute
commands against the Universal Control Plane cluster. This bundle maps
the authenticated identity to that of the user.'

### Part d

'When a client bundle has been generated or an existing public key has
been added for a particular Universal Control Plane user, it is
attached to that user''s profile. Bundles/keys can be revoked by an
Administrator or the user themselves. The cluster''s internal
certificates can also be revoked and updated. Additional information
can be found at the following resources:

- https://docs.docker.com/datacenter/ucp/2.0/guides/configuration/#/replace-the-server-certificates'
## Docker Trusted Registry (DTR)

### Part a

'Docker Trusted Registry includes a Docker volume which holds the root
key material for the DTR root CA that issues certificats. In addition
Universal Control Plane contains two, built-in root certificate
authorities. One CA is used for signing client bundles generated by
users. The other CA is used for TLS communication between UCP cluster
nodes. Should you choose to use certificates signed by an external CA,
in order to successfully authenticate in to the system, those
certificates must include a root CA public certificate, a service
certificate and any intermediate CA public certificates (in addition
to SANs for all addresses used to reach the UCP controller), and a
private key for the server. When adding DTR replicas, the UCP nodes on
which they're installed are authenticated to the cluster via the
appropriate built-in CA.'

### Part b

'Access to Docker Trusted Registry is only granted when a user has a
valid certificate bundle. This is enforced with the public/private key
pair included with the user's certificate bundle in Universal Control
Plane.'

### Part c

'Only after a client bundle has been generated or an existing public
key has been added for a particular user is that user able to execute
commands against Docker Trusted Registry. This bundle maps the
authenticated identity to that of the user's profile in Universal
Control Plane.'

### Part d

'When a client bundle has been generated or an existing public key has
been added for a particular Universal Control Plane user which
subsequently grants that user access to Docker Trusted Registry, it is
attached to that user's Universal Control Plane profile. Bundles/keys
can be revoked by an Administrator or the user themselves. The
cluster's internal certificates can also be revoked and updated.
Instructions for doing so can be found at
https://docs.docker.com/datacenter/ucp/2.0/guides/configuration/#/replace-the-server-certificates.
In addition, Docker Trusted Registry's server certificates can be
replaced by following the instructions at
https://docs.docker.com/datacenter/dtr/2.1/guides/configure/.'
## Authentication and Authorization Service (eNZi)

### Part a

'All users within a Docker Enterprise Edition cluster can create a
client certificate bundle for authenticating in to the cluster from
the Docker client tooling. When a user attempts to authenticate in to
the Docker cluster, the system validates the certificates per the
requirements of this control.'

### Part b

'All users within a Docker Enterprise Edition cluster can create a
client certificate bundle for authenticating in to the cluster from
the Docker client tooling. When a user attempts to authenticate in to
the Docker cluster, the system enforces authorized access to the
corresponding private key per the requirements of this control.'

### Part c

'All users within a Docker Enterprise Edition cluster can create a
client certificate bundle for authenticating in to the cluster from
the Docker client tooling. When a user attempts to authenticate in to
the Docker cluster, the system maps the authenticated identity to the
account of the individual or group per the requirements of this
control.'

### Part d

'All users within a Docker Enterprise Edition cluster can create a
client certificate bundle for authenticating in to the cluster from
the Docker client tooling. When a user attempts to authenticate in to
the Docker cluster, it is up to the underlying operating system
hosting Docker Enterprise Edition to ensure that it implements a local
cache of revocation data per the requirements of this control.'
