id: ssp_template_au_8__1
format: markdown
...
## Docker Enterprise Edition (Engine)

### Part a

'The underlying operating system on which Docker Enterprise Edition runs should
be configured such that its system clock compares itself with an
authoritative time source as indicated by this control. This can be
accomplished by utilizing the Network Time Protocol (NTP). Refer to
the operating system's instructions for doing so.'

### Part b

'The underlying operating system on which Docker Enterprise Edition
runs should be configured such that its system clock synchronizes
itself to an authoritative time source as defined by part (a) of this
control any time the time difference exceeds that of the
organization-defined time period. This can be accomplished by
utilizing the Network Time Protocol (NTP). Refer to the operating
system's instructions for doing so.'
## Universal Control Plane (UCP)

### Part a

'The underlying operating system on which Universal Control Plane runs
should be configured such that its system clock compares itself with
an authoritative time source as indicated by this control. This can be
accomplished by utilizing the Network Time Protocol (NTP). Refer to
the operating system's instructions for doing so.'

### Part b

'The underlying operating system on which Universal Control Plane runs
should be configured such that its system clock synchronizes itself to
an authoritative time source as defined by part (a) of this control
any time the time difference exceeds that of the organization-defined
time period. This can be accomplished by utilizing the Network Time
Protocol (NTP). Refer to the operating system's instructions for doing
so.'
## Docker Trusted Registry (DTR)

### Part a

'The underlying operating system on which Docker Trusted Registry runs
should be configured such that its system clock compares itself with
an authoritative time source as indicated by this control. This can be
accomplished by utilizing the Network Time Protocol (NTP). Refer to
the operating system's instructions for doing so.'

### Part b

'The underlying operating system on which Docker Trusted Registry runs
should be configured such that its system clock synchronizes itself to
an authoritative time source as defined by part (a) of this control
any time the time difference exceeds that of the organization-defined
time period. This can be accomplished by utilizing the Network Time
Protocol (NTP). Refer to the operating system's instructions for doing
so.'
